Updated cxbxr projects to use and build with C++20 (#2334)
Cxbx-Reloaded/Cxbx-Reloaded: README.md

## Prerequisites
### Windows
  * [32-bit (x86) Visual C++ 2022 Redistributable](https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x86.exe)
  * [Npcap *(used for network emulation)*](https://nmap.org/npcap/#download)
    * Make sure to enable winpcap compatibility mode.
  * WinUSB compliant driver
    * *Optional, only needed for USB pass-through of original Xbox and Steel Battalion controllers.*

### Wine

> **Please use the latest stable release version of Wine. If it does not work for you, then roll back to Wine 5.0.3 which is the last known working version.**
> **There also exists this known [issue](https://github.com/Cxbx-Reloaded/Cxbx-Reloaded/issues/2314) which currently prevents savings in some games with the most recent wine versions.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please use the latest stable release version of Wine. If it does not work for you, then roll back to Wine 7.0 which is the last known working version.**
**There is known [issue](https://github.com/Cxbx-Reloaded/Cxbx-Reloaded/issues/2314) which currently prevents savings in some games with Wine 6.8 and later.**
```

After fiddling around with "PlayOnLinux" software, I can confirmed 5.0.3 no longer function with newer cxbxr builds. It's time to upgrade to last known working version to 7.0.
